Document LB connection draining behavior in NGINXaaS GCP (#1617)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-google/getting-started/manual-scaling.md

  {{< call-out "note" >}}There's no downtime while an NGINXaaS deployment changes capacity.{{< /call-out >}}

## Connection draining

> During scale-in operations some connections older than 60s may be reset. The service will handle any immediate reconnects, no delay is necessary before reconnecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During scale-in, some connections older than 60 seconds might be reset. The service automatically handles reconnects, so you don’t need to wait before reconnecting.
```
